SDLC: Software Development Life Cycle:
Investor(Owner) gives his/her story regarding business demand.
BA-Business Analyst who listens to the investor and creates BRD(Business Required Documents). 
Designer- creates wire-frame according to BRD. 
Developer- develops according to BRD and wire-frame. 
Testers- tests project. 
UAT(User acceptance test)-In software development, user acceptance testing (UAT) - also called beta testing, application testing, and 
 end user testing - is a phase of software development in which the software is tested in the "real world" by the intended audience.
They also test before it goes in the market.
(Usually it done by the investor/stack holder/manager). 

2 types of methodology: Waterfall and Agile:

Waterfall: is a sequential life cycle model. Each step takes place after the last one is completed. If there is any big change, it cannot be done
until we start from the beginning. However it will be very costly. If a small change is requested then it's possible without starting from the beginning.  

Agile: is a incrementally life cycle method. In Agile the whole team works together.
To implement Agile, we must follow a process called SPRINT, which last 2/3 weeks.
What is SPRINT? A process to implement Agile. 

4 components of SPRINT:
1-SPRINT Planning meeting: The whole team plan the works that needs to be done in that SPRINT.
2-Daily Stand-Up/Scrum meeting: Everyone stands up daily for 10-15 mins to discuss SPRINT. Mainly, 3 things are discussed:
		A-What I did yesterday?
		B-What will I do today?
		C-Is there any obstacle? 
3-Demo Meeting: After SPRINT is completed we do a demo of that SPRINT. Owner/stack holder/investor might/might not be present. The whole teams is present 
at the meeting, because if the owner has any question specifically for anyone, they are there to answer the question. 
4-Retrospective meeting- After the demo meeting, the whole SPRINT team gets together to discuss about that SPRINT. They mainly discuss about 3 things:
		A-What went well?
		B-What went wrong?
		C-If improvement is needed. 
**In agile we have a scrum master/facilitator who facilitates the team to make sure everything is well.
**BA can also be a scrum master/facilitator
**BA can be a manager and scrum master.  

Jira- Its a bug/issue tracking and project management functioning tool. It organizes issues, and assign work to follow team activities. 
**To organize Agile we use Jira

HTML(Hyper Text Mark-up Language)- Its a mark-up language for describing web documents. 


CSS(Cascading Style Sheet)- It's a style language that defines the layout of HTML documents/how HTML document is displayed.

JavaSript- It is a programming language of HTML and the web.

XPath
(XML)
Java
Selenium



